Update crimes.md (#140)
tim-one/tim-one.github.io: psf/crimes.md

You tell me. Does the CoC say anything about which good-faith topics can be discussed? About the extent to which they can be discussed? I make no apology for expressing what may be unpopular views, or for visibly opposing what I believe to be injustice, or attempts to evade accountability by those with corporate power. I'd say "so sue me", but "so ban me" may be more appropriate :wink:.

> It occurred to me later that "excessive discussion" may be a violation of the Discourse [Community Guidelines](https://discuss.python.org/rules) promulgated during the pre-ban brouhaha. But, if so, that's not the CoC, and these were unambiguously sold as _being_ CoC violations. Those guidlances were introduced after the byloaw topic concluded anyway.

Author: ```suggestion
It occurred to me later that "excessive discussion" may be a violation of the Discourse [Community Guidelines](https://discuss.python.org/rules) promulgated during the pre-ban brouhaha. But, if so, that's not the CoC, and these were unambiguously sold as _being_ CoC violations. Those guidelines were introduced after the bylaws topic concluded anyway.
```
